all right next up we got Danny I'm doing
a 2009 black actually got another case
of this stuff in so just bang bang
what's up with that bang just in 2009
black day know you're in here too man i
got pics of that coming in tomorrow so
we'll get a do this today if you want to
do that topps chrome tomorrow to me let
me know still got quite a few videos
that get out here right now let's say
Dan am all right notes all right we're
going to eat it and asked by specific
number so the palm block focused all
right here we go there two times nine
boy
and we're all oh this isn't a sleeve
don't know that means but its lead that
means it's not a double rookie or it
could be a double rocky nestle who knows
matt cassel to 250 oh yeah these these
are these felts number 2 10 3 of 10 pat
white and that's like the felt flaggy
wave at the game with your foam finger
blimp and steve slaton so steve slaton
de Putte second one is today 3 of 10
that's a cool looking card all right we
got mr. Kurt Warner well I'd match oh
you gotta cut
peek at that oh it's the 85 I had Dante
livelli that's a cool cool pitcher they
cut it out of the it's like a referee
right there and him and whatever don't
take blue fingers labelled a pool cue at
his cuts before what's going on okay
we're gonna go then Pat Foley box to a
fantastic so pack 3 at the break all
right we have another new england
quarterback one that castles in kansas
city now but two in a row with that a
uniform 250 Tom Brady Oh Fred
Biletnikoff number 250 the film side I'm
trying to see through the film but it's
hard to see it's not almost night anyway
Gold Inc Plexiglas it's cool you dodged
the double rookie boxes always good we
have Brandon Jacobs 250 flag patch Oh
Percy Harvin to 399 pretty solid rookie
okie dokie dan that'll do is our main
I'll put these back without there and
we'll do that out gridiron and the you
want to be the chrome let me know
tonight partner yeah